ReadMe.md, before:

# Kai Engelhardt's personal public space

## Work

As a verification architect I
- devise roadmaps for building trustworthy systems,
- re-discover or create verification techniques tailored to these roadmaps,
- design and implement tool prototypes to aid in executing roadmaps, and
- foster an engineering culture where trustworthiness of the product is a key ingredient.

This typically means I do things differently to show what's possible, explain the costs/benefits of introducing more rigorous methods, and educate engineers how to do so, too.


### pub

See
[google scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=U0CkrxkAAAAJ&hl=en),
[dblp](https://dblp.uni-trier.de/pid/54/1933.html), or my [local list](pubs/kai-e-pubs.html).

### code

tba (currently my recent work is sequestered in [ARM](https://www.arm.com), [QualComm](https://www.qualcomm.com), or [Ghost Automony](https://www.ghostautonomy.com) IP)

### misc

Recent presentations include
- "Update on the adoption of synchronous languages at gh.st", Synchron 2020, [slides](http://synchron2020.inria.fr/slides/thu_0900_engelhardt.pdf)
- "Adventures in Verification Land for Glorified Ring Buffers", Synchron 2021, [slides](http://synchron2021.inria.fr/slides/synchron2021-engelhardt-1.pdf)
- "Neural Net Validation - classical CS and high school maths to the rescue", Synchron 2021, [slides](http://synchron2021.inria.fr/slides/synchron2021-engelhardt-0.pdf)

Errata for the data refinement book: [pdf](pubs/dRE1998/errata.pdf).

[Formalisations and proofs](misc/PVS/) of problems, e.g., from the "100 list" in [PVS](https://pvs.csl.sri.com/index.html).

[Build instructions for PVS on ARM Macs](misc/PVS/ARMbuild/) (tested on M2, should be ok for M1, too).
<!-- ## Life -->

<!-- ### lit -->

<!-- ### music -->

<!-- ### food -->

## Contact

Email & Messages.app: `k <digit one> k <digit two> t <at> icloud <dot> com` (even the old `kaie <at> cse <dot> unsw <dot> edu <dot> au` could still work)

Commit message:

Add ACM Software System Award

ReadMe.md, after:

# Kai Engelhardt's personal public space

## Work

As a verification architect I
- devise roadmaps for building trustworthy systems,
- re-discover or create verification techniques tailored to these roadmaps,
- design and implement tool prototypes to aid in executing roadmaps, and
- foster an engineering culture where trustworthiness of the product is a key ingredient.

This typically means I do things differently to show what's possible, explain the costs/benefits of introducing more rigorous methods, and educate engineers how to do so, too.


### pub

See
[google scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=U0CkrxkAAAAJ&hl=en),
[dblp](https://dblp.uni-trier.de/pid/54/1933.html), or my [local list](pubs/kai-e-pubs.html).

### code

tba (currently my recent work is sequestered in [ARM](https://www.arm.com), [QualComm](https://www.qualcomm.com), or [Ghost Automony](https://www.ghostautonomy.com) IP)

### misc

The 2022 iteration of the [ACM Software System Award](https://awards.acm.org/software-system) goes to our team of authors of [seL4: formal verification of an OS kernel](https://doi.org/10.1145/1629575.1629596). [News Release](https://www.acm.org/media-center/2023/may/technical-awards-2022).

Recent presentations include
- "Update on the adoption of synchronous languages at gh.st", Synchron 2020, [slides](http://synchron2020.inria.fr/slides/thu_0900_engelhardt.pdf)
- "Adventures in Verification Land for Glorified Ring Buffers", Synchron 2021, [slides](http://synchron2021.inria.fr/slides/synchron2021-engelhardt-1.pdf)
- "Neural Net Validation - classical CS and high school maths to the rescue", Synchron 2021, [slides](http://synchron2021.inria.fr/slides/synchron2021-engelhardt-0.pdf)

Errata for the data refinement book: [pdf](pubs/dRE1998/errata.pdf).

[Formalisations and proofs](misc/PVS/) of problems, e.g., from the "100 list" in [PVS](https://pvs.csl.sri.com/index.html).

[Build instructions for PVS on ARM Macs](misc/PVS/ARMbuild/) (tested on M2, should be ok for M1, too).
<!-- ## Life -->

<!-- ### lit -->

<!-- ### music -->

<!-- ### food -->

## Contact

Email & Messages.app: `k <digit one> k <digit two> t <at> icloud <dot> com` (even the old `kaie <at> cse <dot> unsw <dot> edu <dot> au` could still work)
